sushmisr@amazon.com
suresh, Sushmitha - Join AWS Security as a Security Engineer and be at the forefront of safeguarding cloud computing for millions of customers worldwide! In this role, you'll have the unique opportunity to work on the foundational services that form the backbone of AWS, directly influencing the security of the entire cloud infrastructure. If you enjoy seeing the impact your work has on real customers, this is the place for you! As a Senior Security Engineer in our team, you will lead the efforts to secure some of the foundational AWS services. In this role, you will help validate that our services, applications, and websites are designed and implemented to the highest security standards. You will be responsible for analyzing the security of applications and services, discovering and addressing security issues, building security automation, and quickly reacting to new threat scenarios. You will have the opportunity to learn from, and be mentored by, those who are building and securing our services. This role will own and contribute to the security strategy for some of the core components on which various AWS services are built and scaled on. A Security Engineer at Amazon is expected to be strong in multiple domains and provide significant contributions to the AWS IT Security team and to multiple groups throughout Amazon. Security engineers are expected to develop elegant solutions to complex business problems and apply appropriate technologies while following security engineering best practices. You are also expected to mentor more junior engineers and be a security thought leader for the organization. A Security Engineer must foster constructive dialogue and seek resolution when confronted with discordant views. Engineers in this role are expected to participate fully in the planning of the AWS IT Security team's work and constantly seek opportunities for process improvement. They should also have a deep understanding of at least one specialty for which they are a sought out resource (both within AWS IT Security and by groups throughout Amazon), while having an understanding of the application of Information Security in a broad range of technical areas. You will have the combination of troubleshooting, technical, and communication skills, as well as the ability to handle a mix of disparate tasks which may include project and software development work. This role will provide career growth opportunities as you gain new security skills in the course of your duties. Are you ready to leave your imprint on the world of cloud security and push the boundaries of technologies? We're eager to connect with you! Come be a part of our team as we forge the future of security at AWS. Key job responsibilities Partner with teams throughout the company to develop pragmatic solutions that achieve business requirements while maintaining an acceptable level of risk Application security reviews Secure architecture design Threat modeling Security research work as needed Security training and outreach to internal development teams Security guidance documentation Security tool development Security metrics delivery and improvements Assistance with recruiting activities
suresh, Sushmitha
1:16 PM
Join AWS Security as a Security Engineer and be at the forefront of safeguarding cloud computing for millions of customers worldwide! In this role, you'll have the unique opportunity to work on the foundational services that form the backbone of AWS, directly influencing the security of the entire cloud infrastructure. If you enjoy seeing the impact your work has on real customers, this is the place for you!



As a Senior Security Engineer in our team, you will lead the efforts to secure some of the foundational AWS services. In this role, you will help validate that our services, applications, and websites are designed and implemented to the highest security standards. You will be responsible for analyzing the security of applications and services, discovering and addressing security issues, building security automation, and quickly reacting to new threat scenarios. You will have the opportunity to learn from, and be mentored by, those who are building and securing our services. This role will own and contribute to the security strategy for some of the core components on which various AWS services are built and scaled on.



A Security Engineer at Amazon is expected to be strong in multiple domains and provide significant contributions to the AWS IT Security team and to multiple groups throughout Amazon. Security engineers are expected to develop elegant solutions to complex business problems and apply appropriate technologies while following security engineering best practices. You are also expected to mentor more junior engineers and be a security thought leader for the organization.



A Security Engineer must foster constructive dialogue and seek resolution when confronted with discordant views. Engineers in this role are expected to participate fully in the planning of the AWS IT Security team's work and constantly seek opportunities for process improvement. They should also have a deep understanding of at least one specialty for which they are a sought out resource (both within AWS IT Security and by groups throughout Amazon), while having an understanding of the application of Information Security in a broad range of technical areas.



You will have the combination of troubleshooting, technical, and communication skills, as well as the ability to handle a mix of disparate tasks which may include project and software development work. This role will provide career growth opportunities as you gain new security skills in the course of your duties.



Are you ready to leave your imprint on the world of cloud security and push the boundaries of technologies? We're eager to connect with you! Come be a part of our team as we forge the future of security at AWS.



Key job responsibilities



    Partner with teams throughout the company to develop pragmatic solutions that achieve business requirements while maintaining an acceptable level of risk

    Application security reviews

    Secure architecture design

    Threat modeling

    Security research work as needed

    Security training and outreach to internal development teams

    Security guidance documentation

    Security tool development

    Security metrics delivery and improvements

    Assistance with recruiting activities
